what's up YouTube this is Detroit borgov
a look at the speed and performance of
the newest 11 inch MacBook Air
introduced in July 2011 so we get the
1.6 gigahertz Sandy Bridge Core i5 dual
core processor and I have the mid grade
Milo so that upgrades me from 2 gigs to
4 gigs of RAM and from 64 gigs to 128
gigs on the SSD and I do have the
standard graphics processor here which
is the integrated Intel graphics HD 3000
which shares 384 Meg's with the main
memory so let's go ahead and do one of
my favorite things with an SSD computer
and that's launched a bunch of apps just
to show you the power of the SSD so of
course this is far more than a
reasonable person would toss at their
MacBook gear but you get the idea it's
very stable under these loads and it's
certainly very quick if you just want to
load a few apps or shut it down and
restart it quickly so exactly how fast
is this SSD well if we run a disk speed
test we can see that the right speed
hovers a little under 250 Meg's per
second and the read speed hovers a
little under two hundred and seventy
Meg's per second now this is a
substantial increase from a standard
hard disk drive the ones you might find
in a standard MacBook Pro 13-inch those
run at about 54 on the right speed and
84 on the read speed now if we look at
the speed and performance of the MacBook
Air vs. the SSDs in the MacBook Pro and
the iMac will find that the MacBook Air
actually outperforms them in this case
the MacBook Pro hovers around 200 Meg's
per second on the read and write speed
and the ima hovers around 180 on the
right speed and around 215 on the read
speed so again the MacBook Air has a
more modern SSD and therefore
outperforms them now as some of you may
be where the new MacBook Air is being
sold with two different SSDs one by
Toshiba and one by Samsung the one I
tested here is the Samsung model and the
older SSDs as you saw on my macbook pro
and my iMac are Toshiba and
unfortunately that model is being sold
into the MacBook Air as well
unfortunately you can't identify which
version you're getting before you buy
the MacBook Air so what I'm going to do
is post a video link in my description
below so you can take a look at John at
T
today's video on how to identify which
SSD you got in your MacBook Air now if
we take a look at the Geekbench scores
for the MacBook Air at squirrel about 54
68 which is significantly from last year
nearly doubling the scores from the 2010
model the MacBook Pro the standard
configuration running at 2.3 gigahertz
four gigs of ram but adding an SSD gives
us about 7000 which is a significant
leap from the air but not as significant
as you might expect now if we go much
higher up the Apple food chain to the
top of line iMac which is 3.4 gigahertz
core i7 16 gigs of ram and the SSD that
gives us about 12 7 16 on the geek bench
score certainly a much more powerful
computer next up we're going to take a
look at the gaming performance of the
MacBook Air and to do this we're going
to use the Cinebench benchmarking tool
if we look at the scores for the MacBook
Air the OpenGL test gives us about ten
point ninety eight frames per second and
the CPU runs at about one point ninety
one points if we look at the MacBook Pro
the one we mentioned earlier with the
standard configuration plus the SSD that
runs a little bit better at twelve point
ten frames per second and two point five
eight points on the CPU score so you can
see here that both of these computers
have the same integrated graphics
processor which shares of RAM with the
main memory so both of them are the
Intel HD 3000 processor now if we look
at a computer with dedicated graphics or
a discreet graphics processor like the
iMac you can see that scores are very
different so looking at the iMac we get
a whopping forty three point five frames
per second with a CPU at six point eight
four points that's certainly a
significant performance difference and
that's thanks largely to the large
graphics processor inside the iMac which
gives us two gigs of dedicated ram so
how this is translate to real-world
performance well it's kind of surprising
the MacBook Air on paper doesn't look
like it can do anything but if we play
Call of Duty 4 it runs fairly smoothly
this is my only example here but
certainly higher-end games or more
modern games are going to give you more
trouble we do occasionally see some
frame dropping and some skips here and
there and it does choke on
see but it does play just fine and this
was the case with the previous Mexico
which was even lower on the score level
so I would say if you want this computer
for gaming it's not your best choice but
you certainly can get away with it it's
certainly a nice side benefit already
guys that's it for this test of the
MacBook here thanks for watching and
we'll see you in the next video